Add Conversion of GSuite to O365 (#3362)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/mm-faqs.md

**Question:**  What does **% complete** mean?
Answer:  The % complete indicates the progress of the overall task migration, including the number of files migrated and the preparation work required for the remaining files to be migrated. *Note:* The **%** is not linearly proportional to the number of files remaining to be migrated.

> **Question:**  Can Migration Manager convert GSuite products to O365 products?
> Answer:  Yes.  When Migration Manager migrates the data from Google Workspace, the documents are converted to O365 format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Question:**  Can Migration Manager convert GSuite products to Office 365 products?
Answer:  Yes.  When Migration Manager migrates the data from Google Workspace, the documents are converted to Office 365 format.
```
